c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\EStore.exe.config
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\EStore.exe
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\EStore.pdb
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\DevExpress.Data.v14.1.dll
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\DevExpress.Printing.v14.1.Core.dll
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\DevExpress.Sparkline.v14.1.Core.dll
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\DevExpress.Utils.v14.1.dll
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\DevExpress.XtraBars.v14.1.dll
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v14.1.dll
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v14.1.dll
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v14.1.dll
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v14.1.dll
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\DevExpress.RichEdit.v14.1.Core.dll
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v14.1.dll
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\DevExpress.Office.v14.1.Core.dll
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\DevExpress.Data.v14.1.xml
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\DevExpress.Printing.v14.1.Core.xml
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\DevExpress.Sparkline.v14.1.Core.xml
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\DevExpress.Utils.v14.1.xml
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\DevExpress.XtraBars.v14.1.xml
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v14.1.xml
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v14.1.xml
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v14.1.xml
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v14.1.xml
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\DevExpress.RichEdit.v14.1.Core.xml
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v14.1.xml
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\DevExpress.Office.v14.1.Core.xml
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\de\DevExpress.Data.v14.1.resources.dll
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\es\DevExpress.Data.v14.1.resources.dll
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\ja\DevExpress.Data.v14.1.resources.dll
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\ru\DevExpress.Data.v14.1.resources.dll
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\de\DevExpress.Printing.v14.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\es\DevExpress.Printing.v14.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v14.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v14.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\de\DevExpress.Sparkline.v14.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\es\DevExpress.Sparkline.v14.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\ja\DevExpress.Sparkline.v14.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\ru\DevExpress.Sparkline.v14.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\de\DevExpress.Utils.v14.1.resources.dll
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\es\DevExpress.Utils.v14.1.resources.dll
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v14.1.resources.dll
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v14.1.resources.dll
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\de\DevExpress.XtraBars.v14.1.resources.dll
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\es\DevExpress.XtraBars.v14.1.resources.dll
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\ja\DevExpress.XtraBars.v14.1.resources.dll
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\ru\DevExpress.XtraBars.v14.1.resources.dll
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\de\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v14.1.resources.dll
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\es\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v14.1.resources.dll
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\ja\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v14.1.resources.dll
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\ru\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v14.1.resources.dll
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\de\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v14.1.resources.dll
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\es\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v14.1.resources.dll
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\ja\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v14.1.resources.dll
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\ru\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v14.1.resources.dll
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\de\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v14.1.resources.dll
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\es\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v14.1.resources.dll
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\ja\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v14.1.resources.dll
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\ru\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v14.1.resources.dll
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\de\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v14.1.resources.dll
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\es\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v14.1.resources.dll
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\ja\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v14.1.resources.dll
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\ru\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v14.1.resources.dll
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\de\DevExpress.RichEdit.v14.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\es\DevExpress.RichEdit.v14.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\ja\DevExpress.RichEdit.v14.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\ru\DevExpress.RichEdit.v14.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\de\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v14.1.resources.dll
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\es\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v14.1.resources.dll
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\ja\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v14.1.resources.dll
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\ru\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v14.1.resources.dll
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\de\DevExpress.Office.v14.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\es\DevExpress.Office.v14.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\ja\DevExpress.Office.v14.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\bin\Release\ru\DevExpress.Office.v14.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\obj\Release\EStore.Options.resources
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\obj\Release\EStore.MainForm.resources
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\obj\Release\EStore.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\obj\Release\EStore.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\obj\Release\EStore.exe.licenses
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\obj\Release\EStore.exe
c:\users\tr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EStore\EStore\obj\Release\EStore.pdb
